Hover - You pull the aircraft into a completely vertical attitude and allow the propeller to hold the aeroplane in the air in plane much like a helicopter. This is the most basic 3D manoeuvre and usually the first one new modelers want to learn

Torque - Roll The plane is made to hover in place, rotating around its roll axis. This is an extension of a Hover whereas the Torque of the engine rolls the aeroplane.

Elevator - The aircraft is stalled with a large amount of elevator up or down. This causes the plane to descend vertically.

Wall - The Wall is where the aeroplane is made to come to a stalled stop to a vertical position from a previous horizontal flight path, usually this is executed prior a Hover.

Alien Wall - The same as a Wall but pulled into full vertical position violently at a high of speed.

Harrier - A very slow forward flight motion with the nose high at about 45 degrees of attitude.

Inverted Harrier - The same as the above, just inverted. Most capable pilots find this easier than a standard harrier due to the wing being above the center of gravity rather than below it.

Harrier Roll - Like the Harrier manoeuvre but with a roll performed simultaneously.

Flat spin - A spin induced with full up elevator, full rudder, and full aileron. Once the spin is initiated you will level the ailerons and increase engine speed a bit to pull the aircraft around. This will in turn flatten the spin.

Inverted Flat spin - The same as the above but inverted. Inverted flat spins are easier to control, but can be hard to come out of due to orientation, and knowing when to stop the spin. When entering an inverted flat spin, you must apply opposite aileron to which the rudder is going. Once the spin is initiated, you do the same as a standard Flat Spin.

Waterfall - The waterfall is a move where the plane is made to pivot 360 degrees in the pitch axes. Ideally this is performed with little altitude gain or forward motion.

Blender - Form of entering an inverted flat spin from a nose down attitude. The pilot applies full aileron, then rudder in the opposite direction and full down elevator. The plane will "snap" and then the pilot must neutralize aileron (and in some cases apply aileron in the same direction as the rudder) and the plane will be in an inverted flat spin.

Pop-Top - Same as a blender, but going up. The pilot must have a good deal of speed on an upline, then apply full aileron followed by opposite rudder and full down elevator (very similar to the blender). Then neutralize aileron and lessen elevator and the plane will spin while motionless in the air. This manoeuvre has a large "wow factor" because the plane is literally stopped dead in the air for a second or two.

Turn-Around - A Turn-Around is a figure to go from upright to inverted and opposite. To go from upright: go straight up make a quarter roll Cut your throttle and apply full rudder and down elevator. That all has to come in an special timing at the same time with your throttle management. To go from inverted is the same but opposite rudder. After that your plane should go opposite way in a down elevator.

Crankshaft - description comes...

Pin-Wheel - description comes...

Rifle-Roll - description comes...

Weeble-Wobble - description comes...

High Alpha Knife Edge - description comes...

Knife Edge Spin - description comes...

Slip - description comes...

horizontal Snake - description comes...

vertical Snake - description comes...

Funnel Hover - description comes...






Helicopter Manoeuvres
***************************
Loop

1> Inside loop. - A vertical circle commenced from horizontally and with level flight. A positive pitch is applied throughout the movement so the upper surfaces of the aircraft are pointing towards the center of the circle. The circle must remain perfectly round, with entry and exit to be at the same altitude.

2> Outside loop. - A vertical circle commenced from horizontally and with level flight. A negative pitch is applied throughout the movement so the lower surfaces of the aircraft are pointing towards the center of the circle. The circle must remain perfectly round, with entry and exit to be at the same altitude.

Pogo - A hover that causes the helicopter to climb and descend.

Roll A 360 degree revolution around the longitudinal axis.

Snap Up

                   "Tic-toc"        "Funnel"

link - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3D_Aerobatics
